Modify rule S5425: Update RSPEC to mention forward_like (CPP-5031) (#3826)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5425/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

_Forwarding references_ are a special kind of references that both ignore and preserve the _value category_ of a function argument, making it possible to forward it by using ``++std::forward++`` or ``++std::forward_like++``.

Any code using such a reference for any purpose other than forwarding is actually ignoring the rvalue-ness and const-ness of the associated parameter.

=== Noncompliant code example

[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
#include <iostream>
#include <string>
#include <utility>
#include <vector>

class Registry {
  std::vector<std::string> names;

 public:
  template <typename StringLike>
  void addName(StringLike&& arg) {

>     names.emplace_back(arg);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    names.emplace_back(arg); // Not forwarded
```

  }
};

void example() {
  Registry r;

  std::string name = "example";
  r.addName(std::move(name));
  std::cout << "name:" << name << std::endl;
  // output is "name:example"
}

----

> In the above example, instead of moving the content of `name` is not moved into the vector, a copy is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the intent is to move the content of `name` into the vector, but instead a copy is made.
```

=== Compliant solution

[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
#include <iostream>
#include <string>
#include <utility>
#include <vector>

class Registry {
  std::vector<std::string> names;

 public:
  template <typename StringLike>
  void addName(StringLike&& arg) {
    names.emplace_back(std::forward<StringLike>(arg));
  }
};

void example() {
  Registry r;

  std::string name = "example";
  r.addName(std::move(name));
  std::cout << "name:" << name << std::endl;

>   // output is "name:"

Reviewer: This is not guaranteed (and I was surprised to see it works in practice...). The string is in a valid but unspecified state, which could be the initial state in case of SSO.
```suggestion
  // output can be anything: name has been moved-from
```

Author: Indeed... I got confused with std::vector, which defines this state more precisely.

}

----

``++std::forward_like++`` is available since {cpp}23 and is useful when you want to forward a subobject of a forwarding reference.

[source,cpp]
----
class Registry {
  // ...
  template <typename PairOfStrings>
  void addNames(PairOfStrings&& arg) {

>     addName(std::forward_like<PairOfStrings>(arg.first));
>     addName(std::forward_like<PairOfStrings>(arg.second));

Reviewer: Would it be valuable to have an example where we only partially forward the content of the main object?

```suggestion
    addName(std::forward_like<PairOfStrings>(arg.second)); // We don't care about arg.first
```

_Forwarding references_ are a special kind of references that both ignore and preserve the _value category_ of a function argument, making it possible to forward it by means of ``++std::forward++``.

Any code using such a reference for any purpose other than forwarding is actually ignoring the rvalue-ness and const-ness of the associated parameter.

=== Noncompliant code example

[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
#include <iostream>
#include <string>
#include <utility>

> #include <vector>

Reviewer: I think we can leave out the includes, for the sake of brevity.

Author: Done in 7ef7caa092
